DOC-3151: Pressing `enter` before a floating image sometimes duplicated the image. (#3716)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.9.0-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fix<es>:

=== Pressing `enter` before a floating image sometimes duplicated the image.
// #TINY-1676

> Previously, An issue in **Firefox** caused lines containing floating images to be handled incorrectly during deletion, resulting in content not being cleared properly and images being duplicated.

Author: ```suggestion
Previously, when pressing `Enter` before a floating image, the image could be duplicated instead of a new line being correctly inserted. This issue was due to limitations in the native content-editable behavior of **Firefox**, which {productname} previously relied on for handling new lines. In particular, Firefox did not clear line content correctly when it included floated elements, resulting in duplicated images.
```

> Previously, An issue in **Firefox** previously caused lines containing floating images to be handled incorrectly during deletion, resulting in content not being cleared properly and images being duplicated.

Reviewer: > Previously, An issue in **Firefox** previously

is the 2 `Previously` correct?

Author: @lorenzo-pomili No that is a mistake, will fix this 👍

Author: @lorenzo-pomili Should be fixed now.

> Previously, An issue in **Firefox** previously caused lines containing floating images to be handled incorrectly during deletion, resulting in content not being cleared properly and images being duplicated.

Author: ```suggestion
Previously, An issue in **Firefox** caused lines containing floating images to be handled incorrectly during deletion, resulting in content not being cleared properly and images being duplicated.
```

> With the release of {productname} {release-version}, this behavior has been resolved. Deleting lines with floating images now works as expected, ensuring that duplicate images no longer appear.

Reviewer: I don't know if we should specify somehow that the deletion of the line is an internal mechanism when we add a new line, in this way it seems that there is an active action of deleting the line

Author: @lorenzo-pomili I was thinking of mentioning it but thought that information may be a too deep and is not necessary for other users. But can add it if you think it is needed, no issues.

Reviewer: to be honest I'm not sure if is worth to be mentioned or not :sweat_smile: , maybe ask @kemister85
